Update release notes for 1.15.0 (#4181)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

1.15.0
=====
* Fixed Xdebug not starting on a normal page load on the native PHP runtime #4086

> * Fixed broken Central Kurdish text in agentic UI on macOS #4088

Reviewer: I think agentic UI is not available for the users yet, no?

> * Update native PHP binaries to latest versions to include SQLite issue fix #4118, #4141, #4142, #4143, #4144

Reviewer: This probably can be moved lower as it does not seem to be as important as other items

* Added skipping dangling symlinks when archiving site content #4038

> * Fixed issue with clearing the language field in Agentic UI settings #4084

Reviewer: Same comment for agentic UI

* Studio Code: Screenshots taken by the assistant now appear inline in the conversation, and the agent can capture pages in light or dark mode #3982, #4097
* Studio Code: Allowed editing your last message after interrupting the assistant #4094, #4123
* Studio Code: Improved the /liberate command for recreating sites from other platforms, including surfacing it when searching for "migrate" #4095, #4110, #4111
* Studio Code: Fixed the agent seeing running local sites as stopped when resuming a session, avoiding redundant site starts #4096
* Allowed more time for AI-powered plugins to receive a response before timing out #3120

> * Showed a clearer error message when a site is in maintenance mode #3948

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved an error message when a site is in maintenance mode #3948
```
